
In our Property Tracker application:


Q1. Where are we instantiating instances of the Property class?

We are instantiating the Property class in the console.rb and when we call Property.new()


Q2. Where are we defining the SQL that enables us to save the ruby Property object into the database?

The SQL is defined in the save instance method in the Property.rb class file


Q3. In console.rb, which lines modify the database?

All the lines where we call methods from our property.rb, as the delete_all() clears the data and save allows the data be stored in the data base


Q4. Why do we not define the id of a Property object at the point we instantiate it (‘new it up’)?

The id is a primary key given to the data by the database


Q5. Where and how do we assign the id (that is generated by the database) to the ruby Property object?

When we are defining the save method in the SQL statement and when we assign the result to equal the id key of the first element of the array.


Q6. Why do we put a guard (an if clause) on the @id attribute in the constructor?

If there is no guard and the a value for the id is not entered into the object when it is instantiated, then this would return nil value.


Q7. Why are some of the CRUD actions represented by instance methods, and others by class methods?

Instance methods are used when we want to modify an instance of that specific property.
Class methods are created if we want to find data that is in the data base, class methods are used for non specific methods

Q8. What type of data structure is returned by calls to db.exec_prepared()? In the save method, how do we access the id from the returned data structure?

An array this is retrieved through a variable.map{} allow us to access the id from the data structure

Q9. Why do we use prepared statements when performing database operations?

This prevents SQL injections.

Extension Questions
Look at the find_by_id and find_by_address methods in the Property class.

Q10. What do they take in as their arguments?

VARCHAR related to the instance variables of the new property class

Q11. What are their return values?

Arrays of objects
